Hey, twig!
Come here.
Come on.
*click click*
Aw, man...
what did they do to you?
*drip*
Hey, you wanna help us get outta here?
There's something I need you to get,
and bring back to me.
In the captain's quarters,
there's a prototype fin...
the thing I wore on my head.
There's a drawer next to the bunk.
It's in that. It's red.
You got it?
That's my underwears.
Yeah, I was pretty sure he didn't know
what you were talkin' about.
You have to explain it more careful.
It's a prototype fin.
That's an orloni. It's a fin, Groot.
You explain it this time.
All right.
That's Vorker's eye.
He takes it out when he sleeps.
Go. Look again.
But leave the eye here.
Why?
He's gonna wake up tomorrow...
and he's not gonna know...
where his eye is!
That's a desk.
We told you it was this big.
Tell me you guys have
a refrigerator somewhere...
with a bunch of severed human toes.
Okay. Then let's just agree
to never discuss this.
The drawer you wanna open
has this symbol on it.
Okay?
What? No!
He thinks you want him
to wear it as a hat.
That's not what I said!
I am Groot.
He's relieved you don't want him to.
- I am Groot.
- He hates hats.
I am Groot.
On anyone, not just himself.
One minute you think someone
has a weird-shaped head...
the next minute it's just because
you realize part of that head is the hat.
That's why you don't like hats?
This is an important conversation
right now?
That ain't it.
I didn't mean to do a mutiny.
They killed all my friends.
Get the third quadrant ready for release.
One more thing.
You got any clones of Quill's
old music on the ship?